Fixed
-----

- Objects loaded from Redis via ``load``, ``find``, ``find_by_id``, ``find_by_dbkey``,
  and ``load_multi`` no longer appear dirty. The ``instantiate_from_hash`` factory
  now calls ``clear_dirty!`` after field assignment, matching the behavior of
  ``initialize`` and ``refresh!``. Previously, every loaded object had all fields
  marked dirty, causing false ``warn_if_dirty!`` warnings on subsequent collection
  writes. Fixes `#225 <https://github.com/delano/familia/issues/225>`_.

- Added ``warn_if_dirty!`` to 14 secondary collection mutation methods that were
  missing the write-order check: ``remove_element``, ``pop``, ``move`` (UnsortedSet);
  ``remove_element``, ``remrangebyrank``, ``remrangebyscore`` (SortedSet); ``pop``,
  ``shift``, ``remove_element`` (ListKey); ``hsetnx``, ``remove_field``,
  ``update``/``merge!`` (HashKey); ``value=``, ``setnx`` (JsonStringKey). Counter and
  increment methods are intentionally excluded as they operate independently of the
  parent's scalar lifecycle.

- ``batch_update`` and ``batch_fast_write`` now update in-memory field values only
  after the MULTI/EXEC transaction succeeds. Previously, setters ran inside the
  transaction block, so a failed transaction could leave the object's in-memory
  state diverged from Redis.

AI Assistance
-------------

- Claude identified the one-line fix in ``instantiate_from_hash``, audited all
  collection mutation paths for missing ``warn_if_dirty!`` calls, and triaged
  the 29 candidates into tiers based on write-order risk. Also caught the
  transaction-safety issue in ``batch_update``/``batch_fast_write`` during the
  broader audit.
