Added
-----

- Batch iteration primitives for DataTypes via ``Enumerable`` integration:

  - All DataTypes (``SortedSet``, ``HashKey``, ``UnsortedSet``, ``ListKey``) now
    ``include Enumerable``, providing ``each_slice``, ``lazy``, ``map``, ``reduce``,
    ``find``, and other stdlib methods.

  - **SortedSet#each(since:, until:)**: Cursor-based iteration with optional
    timestamp bounds. Uses ZRANGEBYSCORE when bounds provided (inclusive),
    ZSCAN otherwise. Accepts Time objects or numeric scores.

  - **HashKey#each(matching:)**: Cursor-based iteration via HSCAN with optional
    glob pattern filter on field names.

  - **UnsortedSet#each(matching:)**: Cursor-based iteration via SSCAN with optional
    glob pattern filter using ``File.fnmatch`` on deserialized values.

  - **ListKey#each(batch_size:)**: Memory-efficient LRANGE pagination for large lists.

- ``DataType#each_record(batch_size:, write_size:, **filters)`` yields loaded
  Horreum records (not raw IDs) via ``load_multi``. Ghost instances (expired keys
  still in ``instances``) are automatically filtered. The ``write_size:`` parameter
  controls pipelining depth (``nil`` for serial execution).

- ``Familia::BatchResult`` value type for aggregating batch operation results:

  - ``BatchResult.collect(enumerable, strict: false) { |record| ... }`` iterates
    any Enumerable, tracking ``scanned``, ``modified`` (truthy returns), ``errors``
    (array of ``{id:, error:}``), and ``duration_ms``.

  - Per-record exception isolation: errors are captured and iteration continues.

  - ``strict: true`` re-raises collected errors after iteration completes.

Changed
-------

- Renamed batch field-update methods for clarity:

  - ``batch_update`` is now ``multi_field_update``
  - ``batch_fast_write`` is now ``multi_field_fast_write``

  Old names removed without deprecation shim (breaking change).

- Moved ``MultiResult`` into Familia namespace as ``Familia::MultiResult``.
  Old top-level constant removed without backwards-compat alias (breaking change).

AI Assistance
-------------

- Implementation and test coverage developed with parallel Claude Code agents:
  one for production code (DataType iteration, BatchResult, renames), one for
  Tryouts test suite (228 new tests across 8 files). PR #264.
